Title: Amsterdam & Paris
Authors: Kristin
Date: 2017-03-06
Category: updates
Tags: Job, awesome husband
Slug: amsterdam-good-paris-bad
Gallery: Amsterdam & Paris

Mostly, we've stuck to Belgium while living in Brussels. There's so
much here to explore and enjoy. But we wanted to get some broader
tourism in to feel the difference between what is European and what is
unique to Belgian culture, so I planned a weekend trip to Amsterdam and
a weekend trip to Paris.

The train ride to Amsterdam felt long because Job was grumpy. But once
we got there, he loved all the sights. We compared Stroopwafels to
Belgian waffles (we liked Belgian waffles better) at Albert Cuyp street
market, and enjoyed the Dutch friendliness after so much time spent
attempting to decipher French. The canal system was gorgeous, and the
sandwiches we bought for lunch had the most excellent cheese I've ever
tasted on a sandwich. Basically, it felt like the midwest of Europe:
good cheese and good people.

Of course it wasn't perfect. We would have loved to see inside De Oude
Kerk, but decided 20 Euros was a bit steep. And we enjoyed NEMO (the
science museum), but it would have been nicer to visit on a weekday when
we wouldn't have felt bad about being in the way of all the kids. In
retrospect, we should have picked a different museum, but there are so
many museums in Amsterdam we would have to live there for years to
satifactorily enjoy them all. One weekend is definitely not enough for
Amsterdam, and we'd like to go back one day.

The train ride to Paris was nice and fast. We only paid for the cheap
fold down seats, but ended up in a nice little alcove that we were happy
with. Job still wished we would let him just crawl around free, but I
think he got over the disappointment eventually. Once we got to Paris,
it was wet and dreary. We walked to Victor Hugo's old house and enjoyed
the art there. There is something truly delightful in antiquated
ostentaciousness (if you don't believe me, do a quick google search of
the wallpaper of this place). We had delicious chawarmas and fallafels
for lunch, and were delighted to find that parisians enjoy much more
flavor than belgians typically do. Lunch had revived us a bit, but Job
needed his lunch and there was no great place to nurse him. We stopped
outside a cafe and people watched while Job drank, steadily getting
colder. We bought an umbrella and gawked at Notre Dame Cathedral. The
outside was truly gorgeous, but by this time the rain was flying
sideways under our umbrella and we were too cold and wet to stand in
line to see the inside.

We planned to regroup at the hotel, go see the Eiffel Tower later that
night, and have a nice restful Sunday. Instead, the dinner we bought was
too small to feed us, so we never made it to the Eiffel Tower. Instead,
Job fished his diaper out of the trash and ate his own poop. Instead, we
were stuck in the cramped train station with hail falling through the
ceiling for three hours while we waited for our delayed train. We did
not enjoy Paris.
